Blogging.
So the next option we have in a virtual machine is do a hard disk.
Also we cover a little about the hard disk into preview cards so no we're going to discover this new
option that we have right here that we didn't call her in the preview quotes so as to say we have a
number of jigaboo of the hard disk.
This one take about 20 or 40 gobshites the maximum size.
It is information about the size available in the host.
So the hosts have about 50 years ago right.
It's costing them about one on the hard Jacobites sword available is forty eight gigabytes.
So we can get space to just hard disk to maximum size to eight.
GIGOT When do you see it is in a bottle.
Do you see the Wii ball Narok wife and vison default storage will you see this is integration about
kind of the datastore use in either a house or in external storage shed its trust.
How for example can ease of DIVOLA harddrive or our recent storage then do the occupation that mean
you would encrypt the storage of this virtual machine then do default that are store.
Well then we have the time.
And of course you can't do that and take provision about it on Victorien machine or even when you create
our harddrive if you want to know what does mean thin and thick BroadVision you back to preview calls.
Then we have the shielding dishing is not the same as share.
If you remember we talked into Preview Domani and you are about to share and no we have shinning you
see ahead we have no shitting because this hard disk is use it right.
No we need your power of to be able to use this option.
So we discovered the shed as the same as the Scipion did we have the shed as normal high and low.
So for example the low How about 5000 The high is about 2000 and about the one Townsends shit.
This is addition about inputs outputs IOPS speed of read and write in how driver you give is the Pre-OT
for some virtual machine then other virtual machine of the data base.
You should give it's about height share that's me in this database.
Need to write and read more about that.
So you give it height check to give it a priority to do a virtual machine of the database.
Then we have to limit input output operation.
That's me IOPS as we see in CPR on him and we also heard we have some limits.
Of course you can give it some specific limits for example 200 etc. but of course if you try to give
his number is not supported limits like you see her limits IOPS must be between 16 and this number.
The amount is too small.
I mean if you give it six this machine would not want it to work because it is a lot of work.
We did a speed of six operation bar savant or six IOPS Sue-Linn.
That's me IOPS eats me input output but so I can read and write part signon.
So you give it a six.
This is illogical.
So you need to be with a specific number and this one you let me do I'm put all of this how driver by
six thousands.
And this is something very dangerous that you should take care of all this one and always wait to a
specific inputs output number right there into our application Wardo or an operating system hornbook
request you to put a specific number right here because this one can damage to a harddrive that has
this Vitry disk example the shaded storage or the local splosh.
Then we have the virtual flash read cache do flash cache.
You can specific do flash read.
Gosh.
So what does mean to flush with cash.
That's me.
We use our specific size from the harddrive to use it as our memory.
Rain for example in this one I have for example in my laptop I have about 16 gigabyte of RAM but the
operating system is about 1 gigabyte offering from the cache of the harddrive and so it is one before
five minutes before it was number two right there.
And it was 18.
So when I consume about 18 gigabytes of the frame with the physical frame and the vitriol cache that
uses as r.m of another one gigabyte from the harddrive and that's make to computer a little slow when
we are on over loading on the frame you start started some data out from the rain into a hard drive
and use it as a room.
So it look its change and start becoming low automatically of course when I have some free rein in the
physical memore room he start uploading that hard over to memory.
So some part of the harddrive as our memory RAM in this.
So this is the idea about the veggie or flush with cash.
You can chose how much space you want to use from these hard disk to be used as a flash with recast
as of its.
And of course you can chose this one but you can leave it like that to use it automatically by the operating
system.
And as we know we use the monster as the driver of this virtual machine store it in our external storage
the extent masalas other we have are flush with cash J.B. use it so you don't need to change this value
into.
You really need it then to discommode this option right now is not unbeatable because this driver is
use it in a pot on your machine but lets try to get another one to see this option right.
So in the next video we'll talk about this more.